"Melissa is an excellent host. She was very friendly, communicative and helpful. She created an awesome binder full of great information about Austin, things to do, places to see. We tried some of her recommendations, and they were all great. 

The place is smaller than I imagined based on the photos, but it was fine for our needs. The wifi was spotty at times, but I didn't go on vacation to work anyway :)

I really loved the neighborhood. Easy walking distance to shops and restaurants on 6th, 7th, and 12th streets. Not too far from Downtown, and super easy to navigate to/from SXSW, whether on foot or by car.

Extra points for being so accommodating of our small dog."
"Hayley is easy to talk to and is prompt in her responses. We arrived at the home 2 hours later than we mentioned due to traffic, however she was there to welcome us at 11pm. The ecological theme for the home is likeable. However, cleanliness was an issue for us. The master bath  toilet-bowl, microwave base in kitchen, burn stains on the kitchen stove top, dusty patio and unclean grill were a put off. The library room was a lot different from the photo. With 200$ cleaning charge, our expectation of cleanliness was high. In retrospect, at 920$ for 2 nights (6 adults, 2 five yr olds and a toddler) we did think that a hotel room would have been a better option."
"Virginia is a very sweet host.  Upon arriving, there was a fruit basket and bubbly as a welcoming gesture.  We had a great time in Austin and the neighbors are really friendly at this location.  The beds were comfortable but the only thing is the carpets need to be cleaned/replaced.  Check in was flexible so it was very easy to arrive and depart.  I would recommend this because of the location and the accommodating host!"
Its a beautiful old farm house with animals and view ... but the conditions are very bad and the whole place was so dirty I never seen such an unclean house on airbnb! 
"Overall I had a great experience renting Etzel's apartment for a short stay! It is located in one of the main college residential areas known as West Campus. Although it's not exactly in one of the hottest spots in Austin, it is a very convenient walk to UT campus, and pretty centrally located (cheap uber ride to downtown). The unit itself is charming and uniquely decorated, and surprisingly spacious for a studio! Although it's not the most impeccably clean place I've stayed in, it's neat and tidy. Beware she does have a cat when she is there, so if you are sensitive to cat smells this may be an issue. I was not there to meet her, but her friend coordinated with me for checking in and out which was pretty straightforward. If you're looking for a place convenient to UT it's a really good option!"
"Host left me stranded! I had a confirmed 2 week stay, and she never replied with access instructions. I was forced to find a last minute hotel for 3x the cost. Beware!"
Great
"The place was absolutely disgusting. If you long for your fraternity days walking into a trashed house after a massive party to find the place wrecked maybe it would be for you. There wasn't a clean dish in the house, people sleeping on the couch, music blasting at all hours of the night, an inch of thick dust, stickiness and god knows what else all over surface in the house. I really don't know how anyone sleep there, the bed was filthy and the linens obviously haven't been washed in months. Don't get me started on the bathroom either, but apparently Will and his roommates don't believe in toilet paper. If this was going to be the speed of the place, the description couldve been forthcoming that the place was a dump. I literally wouldve walked right out as soon as I got there if I had felt like dealing with the hassle of getting a refund. Bottom line, don't stay here. "
See previous review. This place was a disgusting dump. Do not stay here. 
"I only needed a place to crash for a night, and it served its purpose well. Never met Will, but his roommate was nice. Didn't use anything but the bed, so I can't speak to the rest of the place or any amenities. Sort of a bare bones operation, but that worked fine for me. I had what I needed."
"Location and apartment size was ideal for 3 guests, however, we found the listing to be a bit misleading. Air mattress is moldy and barely stays inflated. Bed is a futon. Couch is great, patio is great, cooking utensils in kitchen are very worn and dirty. Towels smelled of mildew. For our purposes, acl was only about 1.5 mi away and therefore ideal. Aside from that aspect and bo’s great communication I would not stay here again, or would ask that the listing provided be more accurate in amenities and items provided to guests."
"Tim's place was very dirty and disorganized. It looked as though there was absolutely no attempt to clean up before we arrived. Food crumbs all over the counters, used tupperware, dirty clothes tossed into random corner in closets, chewed gum on the windowsill. It was like a frat house. I really wish he would have hired a cleaning service or done the bare minimum to clean the place before we arrived. Half the lightbulbs were out, broken doors.... I could go on. But the worst part was the lack of WIFI even though it was listed as one of his amenities and then the complete lack of communication for the remainder of our trip after we asked about it. Tim said he'd work on the WIFI but then screened our calls for the next 3 days until it was time to check out. I would have left a moderately negative review if it wasn't for Tim's lack of communication. If you want to check in and spend 2 hours cleaning in order to make this place livable, then rent it. Good location and 2 bedrooms, but that's about it."
"I was very disappointed with this space. I know it was Instant Book, and SXSW, but I was hoping I'd be lucky with the place, especially since the price was high. This was not prepared as a comfortable, clean space for a paying customer. There was dog hair everywhere, the kitchen needed cleaning, there was old food in the fridge, the towels were stained: It was like the resident had just left for the weekend to make some money from SXSW. If the listing and the pictures (waterfront boardwalk is >1 mile away) had been a bit more honest I probably wouldn't have booked it. It was functional, but it did not meet expectations. I left it cleaner than I found it."
"I don't think it will be an airb&b for long, Victoria is looking for a tenant"
"Stay away from these predator hosts, most horrible experience in my many years renting via ABB, for a month I battled no electricity in the kitchen, then the kitchen drain was not connected and the kitchen flooded again and again, bathroom tub never drained and sewage erupted, host could never get it fixed due to they are only a front PR and do not have any ability to fix or resolve problems, went through many conversations but no action, they threatened me to vacate or pay, and refused refunding my money, finally ABB interceded and got me out. I had a two month reservation but only could withstand the deplorable conditions for a month. I sent pictures to the host but they ignored them."
Great location but a little loud at night
"For starters Andrew appears to not be a good person. He put the house on Airbnb for $862 per night while he traveled to Vegas to go party. Doesn’t seem like a big deal, right?  Well he didn’t mention to his girlfriend and their kids that he was going to do that. So my wife and I were the ones who had to tell her what had happened as I stood in her driveway with her and their kids. Apparently they have been having issues, and this was Andrews way of saying it’s time to get out. So after a 7 hour drive and an odd encounter with the person living in the house that my family was supposed to stay in we had to start over and find a new place. "
"This property is an older home situated on a beautiful tree lined street that is convenient to public transportation and access to all Austin has to offer. The home's interior is a throwback to a 1960's more ""natural"" style of living and a lack of some amenities may not be for everyone but nevertheless provides a nice pied a terre while visiting this city."
Not worth the price
"We were told via description that we would get two queen beds. That was the only reason we paid so much to stay here. We didn’t get two queen beds. We got a king bed. The rules are very confusing, the communication was very sketchy, but if you don’t mind paying way too much, then stay here."
Space was good.  Responsive host
"The stay at Katherines place was super disappointing. 

Katherine has lied to us in many ways.  I'm still super sad about this. She sad there is a brand new Coffee Machine with 3 sorts of coffee, but the Coffee Machine was broken and we had to look for the coffee in the messy closet. She wrote there is a Juice Blender, but there was no Juice Blender, she wrote the apartment has Netflix, HbO and so on, but Netflix did'nt work. She wrote that the apartment has 3 mattresses and there is space for 6 people, but there was just one mattress and this one was super tiny. My friend couldn't sleep on it, so the 2nd night he tried the couch – wich Katherine described as super comfortable, but it wasn't at all. You can't sleep on it. And so on. There were so many disappointing things. 

We paid almost 4000$ for two persons for 1 week. It was overpriced, especially because we did not receive what we were promised.

The code for the entry door was wrong! 
The mattress wasn't prepared. It was in another room, we had to look for it. The sheets were still in the dryer. — and she described it as huge, luxury loft. What a joke! 

Katherine described herself as super clean person, but there was dust everywhere and all the furniture was chaotic.

She wrote back quickly, but she knew exactly how to behave in order to get away with her lies. She is a lawyer ...."
"The apartment was booked on behalf of my boss flying in from the UK. The check in communication was slow, luckily he had an evening arrival so I received instructions just in time for his arrival to Austin. It would be great if the host's communication and response was better, it makes such a difference and a warm welcome goes a long way especially for frequent travelers."
Not worth the money
The host canceled this reservation 104 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
"Stayed in Cameron's apartment for a week while in Austin. Would not recommend.

Cameron himself was friendly, he responded quickly to messages before and during the stay, and overall he was a chill guy. He's quite a musician and can be heard playing sometimes and he stays right next door so he's close if you need anything. The place itself was not good.

The first thing you notice through the door is the faint smell of stale smoke. Throughout the week the smell stuck to our clothing and backpacks. 
In the bathroom I can make out the smell of mildew.
The floors did not look it but were quite dirty, turned my socks black underneath.
There were lots of fruit flies hanging out around the sink. 
Walls are thin and you can definitely hear what's going on outside. Cameron and his friends play music sometimes which wasn't too bad, they sound pretty good, but it wasn't something I wanted to hear at night trying to sleep.

Because of the above we decided to leave the airbnb early."
Depends what you’re looking for..
The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
"This place is extremely generic, which might work for some people. It feels like staying in an Ikea showroom. It was clean enough, though not sparkling (miscellaneous hairs around, for example). Despite signs around the large building stating that families live there and encouraging quiet, the pool and common areas were a total college party scene. 

This rental has none of the benefits of either a hotel or a more personal Airbnb in someone’s home. For example, we were unable to enter with the code provided because we were given the wrong number for check in. Instead of running downstairs to lobby, we had to call and wait on hold or text “Sonder.” This was most challenging upon trying to leave when we got locked out because battery on keypad was dying. Again, instead of being able to ask for help nearby, we had to call mega-company hotline, wait for more than 20 minutes to find out IF they could get someone out to help us, and then wait for them to come. All while rushing to catch a flight. 

The one good thing I can consistently point to is that the staff we interacted with were friendly and apologetic. However, I would not recommend."
"Autumn was very nice and accommodating. When we first arrived I was impressed, the place was cute and as described. Then I started to notice cockroaches. Just a few at first, no big deal, we killed them and moved on. As the night progressed they started coming out of the woodwork. All over the ceilings, on the walls, in the bathroom, crawling all over anything left on the countertops. At one point there was even one in a drink I was holding in my hand. 6 guests and myself left at 3am and got a hotel room. Autumn did refund our money (all but $50). Had she not known about the bugs beforehand I would probably be less mad...but she definitely knew there was an issue and chose to rent this place anyways. She “encouraged” me to not leave a bad review and I wasn’t going to until I saw that this place is still up for rent. There is no way that in just a few days she got this bug problem under control!"
