"This is a beautiful place to stay. I was in a bit of a bind because another place had cancelled, so Marz offered my her spare room in her house for a reduced rate until the apartment next door became available. Both accommodations were lovely, and Marz was an excellent host who made me feel extremely welcome, and who also helped me get around Austin as I didn't have a car. 
The apartment itself is really lovingly kept and the details are all interesting and unique. There was plenty of storage and the kitchen was fully equipped. I'd highly recommend this place for festivals or just as a great base for seeing the city - the location means you could walk downtown if you wanted to!
All in all, a really positive Air BnB experience :) "
"Marz was very responsive prior to and during our stay. The house was comfortable and will be even better once Marz gets her bed put in. We slept on the pull-out sofa which was firm, but very comfortable. She also has an air mattress temporarily set up in the bedroom. The house has all the essentials and worked great for us since we were primarily using it as a base from which to explore Austin by car. We met Marz right before we left and she was very kind and knowledgable about Austin."
"The place is great: it is an old charming house (1954 I believe Marz said) with a big living room, a large bedroom. Kitchen and bathroom are separate. It is located in a very safe and calm cut-de-sac, under the trees. There is room for parking. Great 24h diner (Magnolia) nearby. It will be fantastic when the garden/patio is in shape. 
It is at walking distance from Zikler park and a short ride from 6th street. 

Marz is a great host and everything was ready for our stay. I highly recommend this place. "
"My team and I stayed at Perry's place for SXSW and had a great time. The house has an awesome location to 6th st. Most importantly - Perry was a great host, he stocked the refrigerator with food and beer and provided travel toiletries as well. After a long day of travel into Austin, these niceties were exactly what we wanted. We will definitely be returning.

Thanks again, Perry!"
Brandon was an awesome host. He has a beautiful place in a great location in Austin.
"Brandon was very responsive and available throughout our stay in Austin.  The apartment was as described and in a good location.  Huge building that feels a bit like a college dorm. Walls are very thin and there is a little bit of noise from the neighbors. There is a gym and a pool but we didn't have the right FAB to access either. Secure parking which was really nice. The bathrooms were not clean, the first thing I had to do was clean the toilet and there was hair all over the walls in the shower. Luckily the bath towels and the sheets seemed cleaned.  There were no drawers or closet space in the bedrooms.  Instead of emptying the drawers he and his roommate actually just pulled the dresser and bathroom drawers out so they wouldn't have to empty.  Additionally, they locked the closets so there were no hangers or anywhere to hang clothes. This was really inconvenient because I was there for work and had nice clothes that needed to be hung up.  The whole place has a strange smell.  We made it work but wouldn't stay there again."
"David and Ryan were great hosts. They were easy to communicate with in advance and met up with us to go through the condo. They also stocked the fridge with some essentials - which was so great.

Their place is in an ideal location - walking distance to everything in downtown Austin. The condo was also very clean and comfortable. I would definitely recommend staying here if you're going to Austin."
"Glenn was a great host. Considerate and welcoming. Location was great for SXSW with good bus connections and downtown within walking distance. The place is small but clean and as long as you're comfortable sleeping in a shared space, I would definitely recommend it."
"Fantastic house just a 10 minute bike ride away from the Fader Fort!

Anna made us very welcome at her lovely house and it was perfect for our needs. She was kind enough to get us a few groceries and even managed to get us a couple of bikes which were invaluable during our stay. Getting around during SXSW would have been difficult without them. The house has 2 generously sized bedrooms and a great living area, kitchen and bathroom, we really couldn't have asked for more during our stay. Thank you very much Anna for making us so welcome, we'd happily come back again if you'd have us!
"
Stayed at Adriana's house for SXSW. It was comfortable and well equipped. 
West Campus is very adorable neighborhood. People in the house are friendly and nice to me.
"Ingrid was very kind and willing to really go the extra mile to make our stay right. Unfortunately we encountered lots of allergens like excessive dust, cat hair, and mold that prevented us from completing our stay at this location. However I have no doubt Ingrid will remedy these issues for future reservations."
"Cristina was accommodating and met me at my later-than-usual check -in time.  The room is a good size, with a unique and beautiful bathroom. Although you have to go through the main house to enter and exit, it felt very private. Everyone I encountered was friendly and helpful.  Not a whole lot going on in the neighborhood, but an Uber cost about $12 into downtown, and were readily available.  I absolutely loved Austin and it was great not having to worry about where I was staying. "
Adrian was warm and welcoming and waited well after the time I said I would be there. The room was exactly as advertised - very spacious and clean with a big ensuite bathroom and toilet. The amenities were perfect and there was plenty room in the fridge and kitchen for me!
"Kate's place was great, nice, clean, and comfortable, in a cool little part of Austin just slightly north of downtown. The neighborhood was cool and chill, with plenty of good food options nearby and far enough away from the craziness of SXSW. I rode back and forth from downtown by bicycle - easy! Kate was very accommodating and made the stay easy as could be. "
Clay is a great host and the place is really nice in the perfect part of town.
"Clay was a perfect host for us, Southern Hospitality personified!  We decided to head to SXSW late in the game, and we were first-timers.  He rolled out the welcome mat in so many ways -- giving us great restaurant suggestions, going the extra mile to accomodate our last-minute party, describing neighborhoods, and even leaving us a ""Welcome to Austin"" beer in the fridge."
"Clay's apartment is very well appointed. Beautiful modern design and furniture throughout the space.  About 10 minute Uber from downtown Austin, which made for a convenient location. "
The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Alex was very friendly and responsive.
"Samuel was always available for assistance. The only problem I had was with the wifi connection and he solved that almost immediately.

The apartment was a little basic but clean. It's in a good neighborhood with pretty good access to downtown and right on the river. There was a bus stop out front which I did not use, so I don't know how good the service is. There is also parking available. If you want to walk the boardwalk, it's only about 1.5-2 miles to downtown. I was able to walk to Rainey Street in 20 minutes. 

My only real complaint about the apartment is that there is a back bedroom window (facing the parking lot) and a front patio door that faces the common outside access way and other apartments. Because of this, you can't really leave the curtains open making it a little dim and closed in.

Having said that, it's not much of a complaint considering the $120/night price tag. Anything else in Austin near that price is either away from the city center, a couch in someone's living room, or both. "
"Samuel is a super host. He answers to you quickly by email. He is attentive and friendly. The apartment is located in a really nice place, alongside the river. It includes a large room and a bedroom. It's ok for one person or a couple. 

But, for me, it is really an apartment to come and sleep after having a long trip in the city or the area. Indeed, the living room window, such as the bedroom one, overlooking other apartments which is not very nice for privacy. Therefore, one must draw the curtains what it is not a matter the night, but a little boring by day.

"
"My husband and I had a great stay at Samuel's place. It was a great location right by the river. We were able to walk downtown in about 30-40 minutes, which wasn't bad at all. Samuel was very responsive, and answered all my questions quickly and accurately. He even left a personalized note with helpful information, which was a nice touch. Overall, our stay was great, thank you!"
The house location was great. Love Hyde park. The bed broke the first but with the help of a roommate we were able to put the mattress on the ground. Limited towels but the roommates were again very friendly and helpful to provide more towels. Aside from that we had a great time. 
Michael was great and the house had an authentic Austin feel. I really recommend it.
"This was a great deal.  It's a shared space, but we had it to ourselves.  There was an issue with the central heater for the first night, but Michael had a back-up space heater in the apartment we could use.  And he came over to fix it almost immediately.  Michael is very friendly and knows Austin as well as anyone, it seems.  I'm very glad I booked this place."
"The house is kocated in a very upmarket area in a suburb a couple of miles west of downtown. Although not as large as the other houses, there is plenty of space in this well presented property. I didn't meet Michael, his cleaing guy was there when I arrived, and he called by a few days later to make sure I was OK. ( a really pleasant chap).
Great value property, the Uber taxi ride was about £4 into downtown, and there are a few places to eat and buy groceries close by. The couple of gimes i needed go contact Michael, he was always available, and very helpful. Will book again next time in Austin."
"This location is not far from downtown, as advertised. However, the other person in the house was up all night playing a guitar and doing laundry. The floors/walls are very thin so it is very easy to hear other guests/people in the house. Additionally, Michael is very difficult to communicate with, often times giving me vague 1 word answers. My wife and I ended up leaving and getting a hotel for the night. "
"You can quickly answer questions before your stay.
Two pretty cats will welcome you.
Friendly room, comfortable with easy to use kitchen.."
Very nice house and fantastic experience! Really calm neighborhood and 15 min (max) to downtown. The house is very well equipped and Jake was so attentive to us.
Shannon is super easy going and very nice. She will give you your space but stay very available for any questions. Very clean and pretty place. Plus she bakes cookies!!
"The neighborhood was nice and quiet, although far from downtown it was a safe area. Judy did a good job keeping in touch with me throughout my stay. We finally met on my final day as I was leaving to my hotel. I was Judy's first AirBnB experience so I know she will get better as she continues to host guest. If you like dogs and don't mind them roaming around the house this would be a good place for you to crash. I was gone for most of my stay due to SXSW and only slept here but Judy seemed to be a nice lady open to hosting and making guest feel comfortable. "
"Parker was very easy to communicate with via text. Getting the key was simple. Never actually met our host. The apartment was clean and inviting. We loved the location, very quiet and pretty neighborhood, within walking distance/bike ride away from some great bites. The apartment complex had a nice pool also. Parker left us some sample sized toiletries and towels which were greatly appreciated. "
"Parker's place is centrally located in the Hyde Park neighborhood and easy to walk to nearby restaurants. Homes in the surrounding neighborhood are very cute and ""authentic austin"" and there's a small park a few blocks away that was great for our pup. Will note that this apartment complex seemed to be mostly students. Great place to lay your head at night, with not a ton of ""essentials"" included. Parker was easy to communicate with before and during our stay."
"Pretty good experience at Parker's place. It was one of his first times doing AirBnB, so a few things still needed to be inquired about after we arrived (we had to text for the wifi info, washer/dryer info, parking info, etc.), but Parker was very helpful. The parking signs out front saying that cars without tags would be towed were scary, but Parker assured us that people don't get towed. The location was great and was a quick drive to downtown Austin."
"The apartment was nice, good location, Abe convenient. Host was available and responsive, and seemed to care about us enjoying our stay. I would stay here again. "
"Just surreal 
When my reservation was accepted,  Jonathan (the host),  sent me a message telling me he was on the way to Hawaii.  So He sent me instructions of how to get to the flat.  That, s what I found when I arrived:
1) The flat was not dirty,  It was reeeally dirty.  I had to clean bathroom and bedroom cause it was impossible to sleep there.  I have pics,  even of the kitchen but better no to publish them cause it, s really disgusting. 
2) He didn't give me a key for the room. I closed that door with the lock it has inside when I left the first day and I couldn't open it for that reason,  so I had to do a quick learning through YouTube of how to open a door without breaking the lock (as I said: Just surreal) cause at that moment was impossible to get inside to sleep.  Finally I could open it,  but my room was opened when I left to sightseeing my entire stay. Fortunately the guy who was living in that flat resulted to be a good and very helpful person. 
I called Jonathan and sent him a message explaining that and he answered me 24 hours later!  He told me he'd have forgotten to make a copy of the room key. 

To be honest,  It, s not fare to have paid 69 dollars a night for a really dirty and non private place."
It was as advertised. Jonathan was very helpful and kind. Location was quiet and about 10 min drive to every place we wanted to go. Good deal for the price. Would recommend to others.
Great stay
Very Austin-like home in East side with a very safe neighborhood and easy access to the interstate! It's not very expensive to Lyft or Uber to downtown. Martin was very kind to us.
"Marlene's place is a great spot for one person or a couple. The place is about a 15-20 minute walk to downtown and in a really lovely neighborhood in Austin. Marlene left lovely treats (chocolate & wine, etc!) for me when I arrived and was extremely responsive throughout my stay. She even sent me some suggestions on events to check out while I was in Austin. It's good to note that the apartment is a flight upstairs and best for either one person or a couple."
"Wonderful, cozy, clean apartment in quiet neighborhood.  Larry and Susan were very responsive and hospitable.  Highly recommend.  Homemade cookies at check-in - what's better than that?"
"This is a great location with fantastic hosts. We stayed for 1 month with our 1 year old son. Larry and Susan lent us toys, a crib, and made sure our family was comfortable during our stay!  Short walk to many Hyde park restaurants. The space is technically a studio, but very comfortable and living/sleeping area is divided by a bookshelf. We are grateful this space was available for our stay!"
"Excellent place! Cozy, quiet and a genuine sense of community. Larry even fixed my bike for me! I can’t wait to stay again!"
"Ryan and his family were very accommodating. We had a group of 4 that stayed for ACL, which proved to be a very good decision. We conveniently walked back and forth to the festival each day. The house has a master bedroom that sleeps two and another bedroom that sleeps one. We elected to sleep two in the master and two in the living room on the pull out futon. The space has quite a collection of knick knacks that need to be careful of. We were looking through their impressive book collection and accidentally broke a glass item that fell off the shelf. Our stay was enjoyable and comfortable. "
Ryan was a fantastic host. His home was a great place to stay and it's in a lovely neighborhood. I would happily stay there again! Great experience.
"Let's star with Ryan was super nice and very responsive whenever we had questions.

When we booked AirBNB allows hosts to list an address that isn't the actual address.  Two days before arriving I got a text message from the host that the actual address is 20-25 minutes further away then what we thought.  We I looked back the address we were given wasn't even in the blue zone we were told it would be in.  It was further out.  We were not thrilled walking that far after a day at ACL.

We were also told there would be a double bed in one of the rooms and it turned out to be a twin bed with a child guard and a waterproof mattress.

The kitchen had ants.  The pictures of the outside porch seemed dated as the canopy had rips in it when we stayed.  There was mold on the grout in the bathroom.

Linens with a little light.  There were four of us that I had on the booking.  We were given two wash cloths.  There was only 1 pillow per person in my bed and we are used to two.  That's a bit picky, but important information for my fellow two pillow sleepers."
I would never stay here again
"DO NOT RENT FROM THIS MAN. This man is a scam artist. He was not able to tell us where the property was and we ended up having to make other arrangements. During our stay AT ANOTHER CAMPSITE richard was communicative and even friendly, but after it became painfully obvious that he had no idea where the hell his property and we were forced to make other arrangements, i told richard i felt a refund was in order as he was unable to correctly direct us to his property. While we were there, i (Hidden by Airbnb) d with him for 20 minutes as he went on at length about how he hadnt actually been to the property in forever and really didn't know what was going on with it. Over the (Hidden by Airbnb) call, he spent ten minutes trying to convince me a SERVICE ROAD was his lot, before getting confused after seeing the dock of the site we stayed at and then remembering OH! It must be THAT lot! Where there are people building a house who claim its THEIR property. Asked around... No one knows this guy. He ghosted me 100% upon asking for a refund after being totally in communication the whole trip. DO NOT GIVE THIS MAN YOUR MONEY HE IS A SCAM ARTIST."
"After reading another review, I was a little skeptical, but I reached out to Richard and he answered all my questions.  I also did my own due diligence and found the previous renter did not.  As a result, he was ill prepared to find a raw undeveloped lot in a rural area.  I did a little more than just look at (Hidden by Airbnb) Maps and I was able to find the exact location very easily with little to no problems, so my concerns with the previous review was put to rest.  And when I arrived at the location it was even easier to find than I had first thought.  The land was accessible by vehicle, though I have a 4x4 it would not be required, a car can easily drive down the cleared path.  The location on the river was perfect.  So beautiful and peaceful.  Myself and my pets enjoyed the river front access.  The water was clear and calm and we all enjoyed swimming and fishing and just sitting and watching the river in the evenings. I dug as small fireplace/pit and circled it with stones for safety.  I cleaned up a little bit of brush and fallen branches and now there is a really nice flat clear area to lay your tents, etc.  Richard reached out to me as I was driving towards the location and gave me a little bit of the personal touch telling me about the history of the property and his family ties to it.  He was a very nice guy and very accommodating thought I did't need much at all.  If you are looking for a nice campsite, this is the place.  Once you get through the neighborhood and get to the spot, you wont want to leave.  It has an amazing view and was exactly what I was looking for, an escape from the City.  Perfect riverside camping."
It’s a reasonable place to camp but the neighbor had their generator running constantly.  We ran into troubles with the other neighbor kicking us off his lot before we determined where the right lot was.  There’s no easy access to the river if you have a kayak without going down a small hill and across some mud and then around an island to the shore.
The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Rob was a terrific host! The apartment was clean and the location was outstanding ... right on Rainey Street. Great communication and excellent recommendations!
"Rob's place was the perfect location, size, and set-up for what we were looking for.  He was very accommodating and helpful!  It was a great cap to our Austin experience."
The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.
The host canceled this reservation 46 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Amazing Home. Turn Key is quick and simple. Amazing amenities and pool
If you stay in the house do not expect much.
"Michael was a great host. Even if I didn't met him, he responded within minutes and helped me with all my questions. The place is clean, cozy and quiet. I highly recommend staying here!"
"Micheal is super responsive, accommodating and friendly host.  The bungalow is impeccably appointed, clean and comfortable.   It's very well decorated, and the bed provides a very nice sleep.  

The location, while not Downtown Austin, is sweet in its own right and accessible to Downtown.  It's residential, quiet and near parks, restaurants, and other amenities.  Micheal was generous enough to allow me the use of a bike and bike helmet, which in combination with the bus system, made it a very practical way to get around to all of the locations for SxSW.   

For those that are looking at different options for SxSW, ACL or F1,  I highly recommend this charming place and neighborhood.  And it will hard to find a more attentive and friendly host."
"Justin was an awesome host! The house is a quick 20 min walk into Austin and is a great place to relax during a trip. 

Thanks!!"
"The overall experience was good, but the only issue was the odor of 420 in the house that was strong throughout the whole stay. "
Awesome place to stay! Great hospitality and location was perfect for day trips into downtown Austin!
"I would highly advise double checking with Luke before you go to the property, or else you will e order to live the nightmare we did on our anniversary weekend. Luke the host said, after accepting and confirming our reservation, ""it's a busy, wasn't expecting you.""  No sorry, no nothing, he showed no remorse (Website hidden by Airbnb) RENTER BEWARE"
"Location is excellent. Situated in a  leafy and safe neighbourhood with an easy walk to shops and good local restaurants and also a short drive to downtown. In fact downtown is highly walkable if one is moderately fit.
The photos and written description is accurate. The place is set in a large, well treed garden.
The dwelling is spacious. Perfect for a couple.
The hosts are pleasant and friendly but unobtrusive.
Can happily and confidently recommend this property.
Cornelius Murphy"
Dogs in yard most of the stay.  I don’t think they will bite you but do run toward you and bark
The host canceled this reservation 42 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
The host canceled this reservation 7 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Everything you need for a nice getaway!
"Unfortunately, I can only speak highly of the location. Hope the host improves the state of the home before next guests."
We stayed at this location for 5 months. It has all the comforts of home you need. The kitchen is well furnished for cooking meals. The beds were very comfortable & I loved the large master bathroom. The neighborhood is very safe for taking walks & enjoying the views. Lisa was always a call away if we needed anything & our needs were all promptly met. I would most definitely recommend renting this location.
"The place was in a nice and reachable location on West Campus. The apartment itself was not that clean....The kitchen and bathroom could’ve been cleaner. Kevin was a very nice host, but a bit slow to reply. Overall it was an average booking."
The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.
"Good location and host responded quickly, but place was a little dirty and smelled like smoke. Host also added an unexpected cleaning fee two days before our stay."
"Little treetop studio
Covers the basics kitchen bathroom etc...
Quiet neighborhood , although located at thev center of all that is  college nightlife!"
"Very well placed, though unclean, with some appliances half broken. The bed leans towards one side. Kevin answers but I never got to meet him, since he seems to be working all the time."
Great place right next to UT Austin's campus! Downtown is only a few minutes away as well!
Great location and amenities!
Don’t stay at this property!
"The night before I arrive, I let my host know the time I will be arriving for check-in. When I did check-in, I knocked and messaged my host that I arrived. Yet, I waited over 10 minutes. Keep in mind that I did NOT receive any prior instructions before. I was lucky enough to check an area that had the key to get in. His excuse, he forgot. As soon as I entered the door, I get this foul odor and don't know where it is coming from. I then check the beds and they look unmade, which don't know even if they are clean or not (I asked about it, which my host said that they were). I go into the restroom it is untidy overall along with crap stains in toilet. I go into the kitchen to try to figure out where that smell is coming from. The kitchen is also unkempt, which food stains and food pieces all over the oven and microwave counter. So I call my host to tell him about the smell. He apologized and claimed the guy who manages he place would come after work (did not give me an exact time) to clean up. And he himself could not come since he was out of town. So he told me to go ahead and throw away food in the frig if I wanted to or take out the trash already there. So I did throw some items out and took out the trash in common area and in one of the bedrooms...But if your guest feels more like the cleaning lady than your guest, then you are WRONG. I could not stand the smell so I had to leave and buy SOMETHING to get that odor out, which I had to bomb the place with eliminating-odor products to get the smell at tolerable levels. I spent at least $20 on cleaning supplies (was not compensated for it even after my stay). My host's management (one guy that does the 'tidy' up) never came to check up on me that night or the next day day to follow-up. Although my host did inform me since I did not have my light on, his management assumed I was sleeping that night. Yet I would have appreciated the next day follow-up. Again, that did NOT happen. I will say this host was nice, amiable, communicative (not at first), and respectful when I talked to him over the phone. He felted bad about my experience and was constantly apologizing for it. He gave me a 1/3 reduced price off after (still not enough) & even offered the next night free (which I had already booked another reservation already). I just wished he would have taken more initiative to correct my issues immediately or prior to my arrival. So the take away from my bad experience? If you want a taste of that college experience, this is it! Otherwise, there are better and cheaper places than this..."
Abdullah's place was in a great location. Not far from the local hotspots! This is a great place for someone who is visiting Austin for the sites and social life! Certainly recommended.
Good place to stay; really close to everything and quick responses.
Good location! Walking distance to downtown
Very quick response from Martin.
.
"Two words- stay away. Incredibly dirty and disgusting. I could never sleep due to the dozen roommates you will have PLUS the cheap mattress on which you’ll feel every spring and the pilled linens. From the leaking refrigerator to the moldy shower curtains, to the dirty guy sleeping on the couch (cause who knows why he doesn’t sleep in his own room) these places are filthy. People will also steal your food and take your stuff from your room. Just. Stay. Away."
"Communication was great. We only got one key- for 6 girls, this was very inconvenient. Towels were limited but there was a washer/dryer which we certainly utilized. Additionally, getting in the building was difficult both initially and ongoing once the front door was locked after hours. Checkin and checkout directions were succinct but if only the physical checkin could be simplified and an online account wasn’t necessary to gain all the extra information- everything put into an email is much easier for the customer. Surely some access could somehow be granted with fobs rather than entering from shadier side entrances. The apartment itself was massive and was well stocked with hangers, dish soap, detergent, sheets, and a wonderfully comfortable pull out couch as well as two very comfortable beds. Location was central and easy to get anywhere by Uber or a 10-30 minute walk which we were well up for."
Location was good- however if you have any issues they do not tend to them in a timely manner.  We reported that our sofa bed was broken on our first night and we were not assisted.  Had to email and call repeatedly and finally received a message that we’d get some discount.  No idea how they determined the amount.  What is the value of 2 guests not having the bed they paid for?
"Pros: 
Great location- Right on Lady Bird lake and trail system, across the street from performing arts center, and just a walk over the bridge to downtown.
Decor- Very modern and open layout. 
Tech- Wifi and Roku TV in bedroom and living roo (Website hidden by Airbnb) Amenities: Pool, courtyard, fitness center  

Cons:
Communication- We had one question when we arrived, and it went unanswered by the host. We had to figure it out on our own while on hold trying to reach the host. 
Cleanliness- Kitchen counter had spots of food residue. Floor had dirty spots not cleaned by a mop. Trash was overflowing with takeout trash when we arrived. Freezer had leftover food in it. This is very irritating since there is a $100 cleaning fee we paid when booking.
Hot water: Hot water heater was turned down low, so water would get warm, but not hot. 

Take it or leave it:
Bed: Very firm, if that's your thing, you'll love it."
"The apartment wasn’t as nice as the photos but it wasn’t terrible. The carpet is coming up, a part of the fridge is missing, etc. The key fob that was provided didn’t work so I had to buzz in every time. One of the nights I was there a bunch of drunk people were fighting in the hallway outside the apartment. It was just a weird experience."
"Don’t book here! Tawone notified me that this room I paid for wouldn’t be available 3 days before my trip after booking weeks in advance. I also had to call airbnb to formally cancel my reservation because Tawone didn’t take the time to actually cancel the reservation and prevent me from being charged! Book at your own risk, and have a backup plan if you do!"
Great location
"Miscommunication from the both of us, but that does not justify the mold on the bathroom curtain and what me and my friend feel was a lack of professionalism and towards the end our stay there was a unwillingness to make a adjustments to the duration our stay."
Please (Hidden by Airbnb) the address when dealing with this host. His descriptions & pictures are VERY misleading. The property looked NOTHING like the pictures he used.
Close to lots of places
Nice location loved the view! Bring your own towels and toilet paper. Don’t expect it to look like an air b n b you can tell he stays there frequently but it is clean just tiny bit cluttered
The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Skylar was nice and helpful in our communication. Skylar's place has a good location for sxsw but unfortunately I had to cancel the reservation shortly after check-in. The house itself is quite old and has a strong stuffy smell to it. I had some complaints about the cleanliness which Skylar promised to resolve. I decided to leave at last because of the overall condition. It's a special time period in sxsw when all price is inflated. However I think for 199 it is not worth it.
"Lydia's home is perfect for families, our kids had a blast with all the toys! Lots of room and very clean! Lydia was very nice and recommended lots of great places for
us to check out and was also very understanding and accommodating when we were having travel issues.  I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it!"
More specific about her rules
"Joel is an awesome person and very accommodating. The refrigerator was full of groceries, that he told me I could help myself to, which was awesome. There is a dog there, Billy. He is a good dog and although I knew he would be there and I would have to take him out, it was more than I was expecting. I was there for SXSW so was not really able to take him outside. I was told by Joel that his friend would be able to take Billy out I would just need to text him and let him know when. So I did. That was a mistake. His friend called after midnight once asking if he could come get a few beers and I even observed him and another unknown gentleman leaving the house as I was pulling up with beers in their hands. He even took the tequila out of the refrigerator. I did notify Joel and his friend never called or came by again, that I know of, but that did mean I was again in charge of taking the dog out and walking him."
"Melody was a great and helpful host! Her place is out of the way of the hustle and bustle of Austin, but was a 5-10 minute drive to downtown, so the location was great! Overall, very clean and bright place!"
"The host was very hard to reach, I stayed at this house for, four days without air condition and the host was no help. The door knobs were all half way placed in the restroom leaving  one of the guest stuck in the restroom. Horrible experience! There was no where to put my clothes, and there were dirty socks found in a lot of places."
Accurate to listing
"We stayed in the AIRSTREAM, not the tiny house. It was a prearranged swap so we expected it. 
The pictures provided are very flattering. It’s a cool place and Jules Esh, the owner, seems like a nice girl. I’d say it’s more like a commune for hopeful musicians than an “Airbnb” The airstream is not the decked out kind you might see on instagram. Rather spartan.  A bed, a lamp and a wall unit. And a very interesting door locking mechanism. (Turn the d-shaped piece of plywood or use the bolt and hasp) if you are looking for a place to flop or have an extended stay with some musician-types and aren’t too concerned about the look of the place, it might work for you. I’d value the place under $35 including all fees."
"The love of music is palpable at this community of tiny homes surrounding the main house that has the kitchen, living and dining rooms, and bathroom. Each guest is a musician who warmly welcomed us upon arrival. Breakfast food is provided, and it was fun to cook Lon the antique gas stove. The best feature, besides the beautiful musicians themselves, is the assortment of musical instruments for public use in the living room. My kids were enchanted with the entire experience! We'll be back!"
Earphoria is a cool place to crash especially if you like community style living! They also have a cool recording studio and you might be able to check out one of their gigs! And a big plus is that they're on a main road in Austin so it is convenient for busing and other forms of travel and food options!
The host canceled this reservation 4 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
I wouldn’t recommend staying here. If it were kept cleaner and the bug exterminator was there more often it would have been better. Money is probably better spent staying somewhere else.
Perfect spot if you're looking to enjoy SXSW and Austin!! Very gracious hosts and helpful with check-in timing! Knowledgeable of the area and helpful with tips on how and what to do!
"This place is way futher than 12 mins from downtown. We were SXSW artist looking for something close to downtown, but this place is 27 mins from downtown with no traffic, 35-40 with traffic. The listing lied. The house smelled like dog. The toliets were all coverd in hair with intense stains. The tub also had intense stains. Lastly the host made no effort to introduce themselves or mention details about the house. Very passive aggressive. I would not recommend unless you are into Frat houses."
"There were a few cleanliness issues, but the hosts were super nice, and I'm sure they're working to clean the house up.  VERY pet friendly.  Couldn't have asked for a better place to stay last-minute for the price."
The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Super clean and a great value! Would definitely stay again.
Extremely dirty. I wouldn’t want anyone to stay there. The bathroom was dirty. The shower was moldy. The mirror was dirty. There was hair everywhere. I even found toenails on the floor. The bedroom was terrible too. I found dead bugs in my bed and loose hair everywhere.
Ellis was very friendly and easy to work with when checking in. The location is amazing!
"I never have written a bad review, but after this experience I want to make sure other's are aware. My ""stay"" with Ellis was a nightmare. He was untruthful and we ended up not staying and getting our refund when I contacted air bnb. We arrived to his place and directions for where to park and how to check in were super unclear. After figuring that mess out we get to his apartment and the electricity was turned off. And it had been for quite some time by the looks and smell of food in the fridge/freezer. I contact Ellis to tell him and he thinks I am joking. Not something to joke about. He said he contacted Austin Energy and they said there were outages everywhere in Austin and they cannot get to the problem until after the holiday weekend... I knew that was a lie because they would never leave people without power for THREE days. So I called Austin energy myself and they said there were NO outages in the area.. After talking to management of Ellis' building, they said Austin energy came days prior to shut off apartments that were not paying. Ellis had asked me not to speak to his management because he was supposedly not allowed to rent on air bnb. But the situation was too sketchy not to ask. His account on air bnb should be removed immediately so this does not keep happening to other visitors. "
"This apartment is amazing, beautiful views! "
Wasn’t for me. Found that the number of people and pets made for a congested experience - even for a quick stay during southby
"The most friendly, welcoming, and chill experience I've ever had at an air bnb. Really great hosts with really great pets."
It was not clean and was not worth the price paid. We did not have towels to use and there was not hot water.
"Great location! It’s walking distance from many spots to eat, also if you don’t mind walking you can even get downtown in a couple of minutes. Good stay for SXSW or for young people. 
The only thing not mentioned in the description would be that the place is shared with someone else in case you take that into consideration."
The host canceled this reservation 105 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Great inexpensive please to stay
"This place was a great location but unfortunately was a little cockroach infested. To be fair, there is no way to tell if it is the apartment complex or just her space. I found it last minute to try to avoid hotels but I wish I would have just gone with the hotel! On the lighter side, she was very quick with communications and kind."
"The apartment is in a central location, but it was a bit noisy. I was a little jealous at 2:30 am when one of the neighbors cooked bacon. "
"You get the living room couch which was pretty comfortable. It’s not a pull out, just a sectional. (We brought our own pillows and blankets but they provided towels & a couple blankets)Place was super clean and only minutes from dt. Little too far for us to walk but a quick Uber ride. Overall we spent most of our time in the city but it was a good crash pad for the weekend for us to come and go as we needed. Michelle was a great host; super helpful and responded to messages in a timely manner."
Great spot! Comfortable apartment with great hosts!
"This is the first time I’ve had a “meh” experience with AirBnB and wish I would have stayed in a hotel instead.

The good:
1) location is great. Food pods all around and walking distance to downtown Austin.
2) plenty of parking in the apartment complex and it’s quiet.

The bad:
1) there was half a roll of toilet paper. We had to go to target and buy our own.
2) trash cans were full in both kitchen and bathroom.

The ugly:
1) cleanliness. It wasn’t clean. The toilet was filthy, there were bugs, and we had to buy disinfectant wipes before use of bathroom.
2) the host couldn’t be reached. On the day of check-in, we got to the apartment, and all we were told was someone else was making sure we would have a key to get in. This is fine if there is a way to contact that person or the actual host. However, there wasn’t. The host responded 12 hours or so later. I was able to find the key after going on a scavenger hunt for it."
Good! She was super nice. Just some weird things happened at night.. knocks on the door and roommate coming in the room a couple times in the night.
Really nice place
"Clean, comfortable space for a good price in the middle of everything you could want. "
Overall a good quality place. Had a little trouble with the AC system while we were here but an amazing location right off Congress street with a good size room.
Very spacious and comfortable place. Good central location. Pool was nice 
"Our stay with StayAlfred was very disappointing. It was supposed to be a fun impromptu, overnight trip to Austin with three friends, but it quickly became a frustrating experience. 

Our apartment was 84 degrees upon entry. We turned the Nest down, and it read that it would cool down within two+ hours. The apartment did not cool down, we were all sweating, and on top of that, the Wi-Fi would not stay connected to any device. I notified my host, who did not respond until hours later. I was able to reach customer care via the chat, who simply suggested that I reboot both the A/C and Wi-Fi unit. We did so and stepped out. When we returned, the apartment was still hot and the Wi-Fi was still unstable. 

We then placed a call to customer service. The agent was named Jeff, who was very rude and dismissive. We said he would attempt to send someone out to place portable A/C units in the apartment. We asked what would be done in the event that the A/C units did not work considering that one of us had a medical condition in which we could not be exposed to heat for a prolonged period of time, but he was dismissive and stated “I just want to focus on the positives, you are only focused on the negatives.”  We asked if there was nothing else that could be done, and he asked “What resolution would you like?” We asked if there was an option to be placed in another room, and he eventually told us there were no other rooms. We kept pressing for a resolution in case the portable units didn’t work. He kept referring to the portable A/C units as the resolution. We finally asked if we would be offered a refund if we were unable to get A/C and WiFi, and he said he’d have to file a motion with his supervisor, who would have to approve it. 
On top of having to wait a full hour for the technician to come with the portable AC units, the units barely did a thing. One of the hoses unhooked in the middle of the night and exposed us to whatever was being filtered out of the hoses. The technician who installed the units, told us that he repaired the A/C earlier in the day; this is when we found out that they were aware of the unstable A/C unit prior to us arriving. 

Aside from the issues with the A/C and WiFi, the floors were dirty. And the metal frames of the bed in one of the rooms stuck out too far and three of us suffered from deep scratches around the ankle. 

We paid to sleep in a hotbox and had no one follow-up to make sure we were okay until the morning we were leaving."
honestly the place was clean and nice however for the price we could have stayed at a nicer hotel. My girlfriends clothes were ruined by the hosts washing and dryer machines we had to replace most of it and return home with partially  wet clothes. The view is amazing if you love the construction view and dust everywhere on balcony. Make sure you receive the check in information because otherwise you will be searching for this hidden gem for hours. 
"The amount of reminders about my upcoming trip, to check-in and to access local information was impeccable.  I had never received that service through booking and AirBnB.  So by booking with Stay Alfred, you also receive your own personal concierge leading up and during your trip.  I was thoroughly impressed.  Otherwise, the photos show you exactly what the place looks like.  They were very spacious apartments with plenty of room for our toddler to run around.  If you're thinking of bringing a travel crib, there is  large walk in closet that can accommodate the travel crib.  My only complain is that because of the style of the building, you hear all the foot traffic on your floor outside the main bedroom and you can hear a lot of the top floor shuffling and stomping around.  The elevator also didn't work at times but you could drive up to your floor and then wheel your luggage up a ramp that leads to all of the apartments.  The location is wonderful.  Right in the South Congress neighborhood and a stones throw away from the River and 2nd Street shopping district.   I would definitely stay here again for the price we paid!  Thank you Stay Alfred."
"Great location and the pool and grilling area is great.  As for the rest, buyer beware.  The biggest problem is communication.  There is no one from Alfred on site or anywhere near Austin TX.  The closest we came to talking to an employee of Alfred face to face was the cleaning staff.  
We had two make a phone call before arrival to ask about the parking situation...since the request I made in two separate emails went unanswered.  The Alfred people had no clue about the parking situation.
The check in was a disaster.  The ""keycafe"" that was to dispense our room key did not function as according to the instructions provided.  I went looking for our room, there was no map and the site is quite confusing, and found it, the door was wide open and it was on the 4th floor.  There were elevators but none of them worked.  Beautiful, because when I had called before arrival about the parking, I mentioned that my wife had recent knee surgery and we wanted to know about the parking before we booked.  Obviously they did not pay much attention to what I said because they assigned us a room on the 4th floor and all the elevators on site were out of order.  
I was able to talk to some of the cleaning staff and they got in contact with someone from Alfred in some faraway place and we were given a room requiring minimal stairs.  
There were no maps or diagrams of the property available ahead of time and the layout is very confusing.
Our room had a great view of the noisy construction site just a few yards away.  The basic kitchen necessities did NOT include any cooking oil, aluminum foil, or any plastic wrap or reusable plastic containers for leftovers.
For a 5 night stay we had one small bar of soap and one small container of shampoo, they both ran out after 3 days.  We texted the cleaning staff and were told they would drop them off the next morning.  They did not.
The bottom of the shower would have lots of dirt from the bottom of our feet as we started to shower, this in the morning after walking around inside the apartment having our morning coffee.  And the rug in front of the very nice big screen TV was fithy.
The pool and grilling area as well as the exercise and game rooms were very nice.  But we had only 3 towels for the stay and with a pool and daily showers, that did not cut the mustard.
The washer and dryer worked nicely and as I said earlier, the location is great.  You can walk just few blocks to great music, food and shopping.  The ""bat bridge"" is a 10 minute walk away. 
Previous experiences thru airbnb have always been thru a private owner.  That is a much better situation.  The owner is more accessible and can respond more quickly and accurately.  Additionally, in the situation we were in we were paying 3 groups for staying at the apartment.  Airbnb, the corporation that built and was leasing the apartments, and Alfred, who leases the unleased apartments and then rents them out thru airbnb."
"Great place, everything is walking distance. Had a great stay."
"Don't stay here if you value sleep! Both bedroom windows face the very loud parking garage, and there were car alarms going off at all hours. Further, we had leaf-blowers in ad around the garage starting around 7:30/8 and not ending until around 10am. The other side of the apartment faces a major and very active construction site. My friend had an 8am (Hidden by Airbnb) meeting and had to have her side on mute because the noise was so loud it was disruptive- this is with all windows and doors closed.  We got very little sleep. Finally, I discovered bedbug bites all over my leg. I realize this is something you risk with every place you stay, but the $100 cleaning fee for ONE NIGHT of lodging seemed like it would include bedbug prevention. Overall, it was an extremely disappointing stay. The only thing I would say is that the Customer Service reps that helped us with check-in were very quick to respond and very helpful. I can only hope that they are the same way regarding the bedbug situation. :("
"This condo is so great!! Location is fun, condo is so clean and stylish, 2 bedrooms and 2 baths. The beds were so comfy. I would love to stay there again!"
"If you cherish your sleep, do not stay here.  The unit had absolutely no soundproofing and was obviously poorly constructed, and there is construction underway immediately next door which starts at 7:00 am.  We knew that going in, but if there had been the slightest bit of soundproofing of this condo, the construction site wouldn't have been an issue.  There was slow response and inadequate follow-up on some maintenance issues we raised, as well.  This is a great location and a well-appointed place, but bring your ear plugs if you choose to stay here."
Great location! Highly recommended!
"The location of this unit on South Congress was fantastic, but the unit itself left much to be desired.  We were beyond disappointed to check in and arrive late at night only to walk into a unit that was dirty and not the advertised property."
"Amazing location! Bigger than I expected and very clean as well. Definitely would stay here again. Only thing I would complain about is the sofa bed very uncomfortable!!
We ended sleeping 3 girls in one bed, but that wasn’t uncomfortable considering it was a king. I would suggest bringing extra blankets and pillows of a air mattress!"
The unit was NOT in good repair.  There was a cut off pipe in the ceiling the ensuite bath that dripped rusty (we hope it was just rust?) water all night on the night we arrived.  Then it dripped off and on the whole time we were there.  It was disgusting and left stains all in the tub. The faucet in the same bath was completely loose and falling out.  Both bathrooms had robe hooks falling down.  The big bathtub didn't drain well.  The caulking was cracked.  The head board was falling down in the bedroom - I was afraid it would fall on my head in the middle of the night.  The dishwasher wasn't really installed - the whole thing tipped forward whenever you pulled out either the top or bottom rack.  There was a dirty fry pan - eggs and chorizo left in it.  There were paint splatters on the floors.  Seems like they just flip the units as quickly and as cheaply as possible.
Great area!!! 
Unable to check in
"Carly was an amazing host. She was great at communicating everything we needed to know, and she responded super quickly every time. The place was great- very clean, amazing location with tons within walking distance, and great amenities. Highly recommend this place!"
"So I don’t normally write bad reviews, but this is the exception.  The apartment complex was abnormally loud.  The walls are paper thin, a dog upstairs barked all night, you can hear the upstairs neighbors walk to the bathroom, do their business and flush.  Which the plumbing system shook the walls.
There was a huge party in the courtyard of the complex which lasted well into the night.  
The biggest problem was we were intentionally told to park in a specific location.  We verified the exact location, with messages to prove we were told to park where we parked.
Our van was towed and the host had to take us himself to the impound from there we paid 193 dollars on top of the 133 dollars to rent the place for one night.
The host didn’t even offer to pay or make right the problem despite this is solely the negligence of the host.
I do not recommend this host, he was not upfront about the apartment nor parking situation.  The host said after the fact, he had a parking pass which he never offered which would have alleviated the problem to begin with.
"
Great value and good location. 
.
The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Great location with places right up the street and just a short drive to 6th st.
"Location is inaccurate, it is not close to downtown.  "
"Tenille and her apartment were lovely! Great communication and location, easily accessible to anywhere you want to go in Austin. I’d stay again!"
Tenille’s place is good if you dont really care about the overall place itself and just looking for a bed to sleep in for the night. Theres a weird smell when walking into the apartment. The place has personal belongings all over including the bedroom and bathroom. Soap and shampoo was not provided even though it was included in the listing. The towels had stains on them as well. Overall just a place to get some sleep and be on your way. Looks like owner lives here but sleeps over somewhere else day of a reservation. I Would rather stay outside the city area for much cheaper in a better quality place.
The host canceled this reservation 6 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
The lack of communication with host is a headache. I wouldn’t recommend.
Highly recommend. Amazing property all around!
"Bova is a kind and helpful host! The place is in a nice location and has a great pool. Also a really great TV / entertainment center for the living room. The apartment itself is as pictured. Somewhat overpriced for the amenities available, but overall an enjoyable stay."
The host canceled this reservation 16 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
The host canceled this reservation 23 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
The host canceled this reservation 9 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
What an awesome location for anyone looking to be close to Lake Austin. The home was perfect and super convenient to downtown and other local attractions. Can’t wait to revisit!
This would be a cute place if it were fixed up.  Just didn’t happen on our watch.
"This is a beautiful property in Austin’s best spot. Easy access to Lake Austin is a plus.  The owner and the property manager are increíble: kind, helpful, knowledgeable l. They went the extra mile to accommodate my family and make our sty pleasant. Highly recommended"
Great place to spend the weekend on Lake Travis!!!
"Cómoda habitación, cuenta con lo básico y es muy acogedora."
Overall okay stay!
Host did not provide towels of any sort and there was a shortage of hand soap. We had to park outside of the apartment complex or faced getting towed. Lovely wake up call from the fax machine at 8 in the morning. I would highly recommend not staying at this location.
"Evolve we're wonderful hosts. The house was a good value but a bit tight for six people. This is a condo complex- the pool is public. Location was fairly central, must drive or uber everywhere but overall I recommend the hosts."
Evolve is amazing and will go an above and be very attentive to your needs.  This place needs some TLC and the area is a bit sketchy - we had no issues but it was not what we were expecting.
Place was very unclean would not recommend.
Good location close lyft ride to Rainey or downtown! Hostess was quick to respond to any issues.
Can’t complain at all.. Perfect place in a great location to everything... will book again
"Inside is very clean and nice, great amenities and no issues."
"While we were not happy with our stay, the location was fantastic. Right off the highway and just a couple of exits away from great destinations. The issues we had were mainly about the cleanliness that if addressed, would make a world of difference."
"The apartment unit is small yet spacious. It is much darker than the pictures portray and the complex itself is a bit rundown. However, the unit is well furnished, cozy, and very cute! 

There is only ONE full bathroom upstairs, and a powder room downstairs, so keep that in mind. It’s technically a 1.5, not a 2 bath. With 4 people in the unit, it was annoying but not unworkable. 

The unit is pet friendly which is a huge plus! Loved the fact there was no carpet! The keyless entry was another plus, as it made it easy for the 4 of us to get home at different times. 

Overall a cute, cozy place for a weekend getaway. The location was relatively close to Austin proper, so we had a fun trip!"
"Syed considers this placed “lived in” so that excuses him from renting you a clean space to sleep in. He had dishes with rotting food and standing water in his sink. This alone made the apartment smell unpleasant. The sheets and pillows did not seem to be washed when we showed up, it was if he slept in it the night before and handed over the place. He left bug spray meant for bed bugs and fleas out on the counter for his guests to see. Syed was also not prepared for our check in, even though we checked in later than he wanted. He was still packing up his belongings to leave as he was checking us in. All in all, his apartment is not suitable to be rented out, let alone be lived in. I would not recommend this place."
Good priced place within walking distance of food and other shops. The on site parking is easy and convenient.
"“You get what you pay for.”
I booked this place relatively quick for a last minute trip that my brother and I had planned to ACL. We were just looking for a place to crash and this was it. If the place is listed as “lived-in” there is a high chance that the host will be in and out of the apartment. For us it wasn’t a problem since we were gone throughout the day. However, there was a night that Syed came back really late and if you were to be sleeping on the futon like we were,  it would wake you up. The place wasn’t the cleanest situation either, again, it wasn’t unbearable but if you’re expecting a tidy place if it is listed as “lived-in”, you might be in for a surprise. To clarify, the price was really affordable which should be a good reflection of the living situation to expect. 

I write this review with honest intentions for others who are planning to stay here, and I hope the host considers the suggestions I gave to him to make future guests’ stay a little more comfortable."
Things are tidy and Netflix. What more do you want?
The host canceled this reservation 22 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Nice place with a convenient location
Anne was a great host! She made sure that we were accommodated before she left! She even offered a bed for our pup! She has an adorable apartment that met our needs perfectly! Highly recommend
"we love using air-bnb, this was our 3rd experience. I have to say we didn't know it is a personal apartment (lived in) we chose it because we were traveling with our dog. and pets were accepted. what we didn't realize was that the space wasn't clean, there was dog hair everywhere and it smelled like dog (we live with a dog) it was bad. our special weekend getaway was not so special"
"Aside from the location, and the friendliness of the person that messaged me through text everything else was pretty terrible.Location was great within walking distance to downtown Austin and a lot of great places to eat. Lets get down to the place itself. Firstly, they failed to mention that there is ONGOING construction as a second phase of the complex is being built, and guess where? Right in front of your balcony. So you open your balcony door, you see dug up ground and right in front of you, just a huge half built building. No view of Congress Ave or anything, just construction. The apartment looked clean, until you walked around barefoot or in white socks. The floors were COVERED in dust and derbies. The entire place looks like it was just put together and staged very poorly. I wish I would've snagged a picture of the water faucet in the bathroom. It was not even centered, you had to hold pull the faucet towards the sink so the water would not run all over the counter top, it was literally placed to pour water onto the counter top instead of in the sink. The hot water was barely there. The internet didn't work for more than half of the stay. The TVs did not work at all, they just kept updating and couldn't connect to the WiFi. Then there is the 9pm-9am quite time, yeah, I don't think so. The parties and screaming did not stop, it was non stop stomping and partying throughout the complex. Like I said, it was just a thrown together cheap place. Aside from location, would not recommend."
Exceeded my expectations. The two of us felt right like we were in our apartment at home.
Grate location
Be aware there in a construction site beside unit. Very noisy.
"Great location, next to downtown Austin. Easy to commute. The hosts were very nice and welcomed like family. Thanks you Catie & Gerin."
"Expect a minimalist experience - maybe a little less than spartan in a tired feeling college student apartment. Be very, very specific in getting the full address (unit number included) and lockbox combination, as well as thorough instructions on where to park."
Great location at a decent price
Juan’s place was stylish and in a good location. It was very clean and plenty of room.
Make sure you confirm with Juan if he will/will not be staying at his apartment all weekend.
"Overall, the houseboat was a fun experience. The place was clean and since it was a last minute booking, I was greeted by the owner as he was still cleaning up. I’m not sure if the meet and greet is a regular thing or not. The owner was nice and gave us a tour of the boat and things we should know before he left. I suggest planning this space for a time when weather is optimal and not too hot because there is only a small ac unit and some fans. The AC unit really didn’t circulate anything. The evening was very pleasant. The worst part of the trip was getting to the boat. The directions are not clear about the journey from the parking lot at the marina to the boat. Then there was a restricted area that was wired and roped off that made it very inconvenient to find the boat and carry stuff across the barrier. I probably will not book another houseboat again in the future because of the cost and inconvenience of the location but it’s an experience people should try!"
Great location very long walk to boat. There was no carts when we were there to help haul everything to boat. Expect it to be hot in the summer at least you can jump in the water to cool off.
"This place is exactly what it says it is, so do not come if you are looking for a luxurious stay. It's very rustic and is exactly like camping with very rustic amenities. Kirsten and her partner are fabulous people. I enjoyed talking with Hal, as he has great enthusiasm for life and thinking outside of the box. Kirsten was probably one of the nicest people I have ever met, and has a very peace-loving vibe."
"Hot, lots of bugs, nice pets"
I will defiantly be booking again if possible.Everything is clean and in a quote neighborhood with friendly neighbors.  Another plus is everywhere I needed to be was in the area
This house does NOT have a TV in the common area. There is one small TV in one of the bedrooms but everyone would have to sit on the bed to watch it. There is also a very strong odor of cat urine. I was unable to stay in the house. The owners refuse to refund my money. I would not recommend this property.
Very peaceful neighborhood and super clean place
Lindsey is very responsive and sweet. The place is comfortable and she provides guests nice little gifts you might need upon arrival. The fresh flowers were a great touch that I really appreciated as well. I would recommend to friends.
"Horrible communication. Me and 4 other guys were stranded for 7 1/2 hours with nowhere to go. The host needs to post the accurate address instead of the neighborhood the house is located in I wouldn't suggest this host to noone. I downloaded the August safe lock app as suggested by host, but had no accurate address to locate house to unlock the door. We were going door to door knocking on doors trying to find the right house to the point we had no choice, but to leave with embarrassment. Thanks to Airbnb customer service finding a hotel for us and providing other hosts nearby to book a new stay."
very nice
We were very excited to stay here. Our flight go in to Austin at 12am and we got to the airbnb around 12:30am. We got to the airbnb and we were unable to get the lockbox open. I had to call the emergency number 3 times. Every time I called they asked me the same info and told me someone would be in contact with me. On the third call I asked to cancel and they told me they could not cancel the contact person was only able to. I waited an hour before someone called me. By this time it was almost 1:30 am. They do not have someone in the area that can open the Airbnb. They trust that the previous guests lock the lockbox correctly. Obviously this is flawed and is not going to go smoothly every single time. We were in a city we were not familiar with and had to find a hotel at 2am for the four nights we were there.
Pizza place was fabulous I would recommend it to anyone visiting Austin. Great communication fabulous space and just amazing all-around
Great host. Great stay.
"I really don't take providing negative feedback lightly, but in this case I really do have to. 

Firstly the positives: the location is wonderful if you are looking to explore zilker Park. Also, whilst I would have preferred faster responses from the managers, they were helpful, polite and professional.

Now to the negatives. The space is pretty old and tired. This doesn't need to be an issue, but in this case it is. Furnishings are really showing their age (not that clean  and broken) and there are a lot of broken appliances (toaster, oven light, downstairs toilet not working correctly). On top of this the whole place (including furnishings)really needs a good clean. We found ourselves washing everything before we used it.

Overall we certainly didn't have a horrible experience, but we won't be rushing back there!"
"I stayed here with my grandmother and mother who were visiting (I already live in Austin). The location is perfect, right across the street from Barton Springs and walking distance of some great restaurants and food trucks on Barton Springs Road, as well as UMLAUF Gardens. I would recommend it solely on that but it was also roomy and had everything we needed. Would stay again!"
I would not recommend this place to anyone. The house smells of mold and was filthy. I thought that Airbnb had certain standards. The pictures of this house misrepresented the actual age and looks of the home. We left and had to find somewhere else to stay.
"This room was clearly vacated for sxsw. The regular occupants possessions were still in the room. The photos do no show the real state of the apartment, which is very run down. I would not recommend staying here again, especially for the $120/night."
Elsa's place was a perfect retreat from the craziness of SXSW. Elsa and her daughter were wonderful hosts and the location was an easy bus or Lyft ride from downtown and even closer to the S Congress area.  I would definitely recommend.
Nathan was a great host. Met us at his place when we checked in and was very responsive throughout our stay.
"Awesome crash pad for a larger group to explore Austin. 5-10 minutes to multiple breweries, great restaurants, and downtown. The house isn't the newest or the most lavish, but for the location and price it's hard to beat for group vacay to Austin. Host is friendly and quick to respond."
Super sweet host!
"This place is nasty. The yard is unkept. We originally walked in and the place was gross. Urine on the toilet, fecal stains in toilet, mold on bathtub, dirt all over the floor. We were informed that the kitchen was “all ours” we needed to use the oven. I opened up the oven and found 3 dirty dishes in the oven. There was a dirty smell in the home, hair on pillows, a Cadillac on blocks across the street (yes seriously) they neighborhood is “questionable” at best. We originally decided to stay and clean the place, but the deeper we got into it, we just ended up asking for a refund and going to a la Quinta. When we called Ian, he started he had the hose “professionally” cleaned the day before. He stated he wasn’t in the state and there was nothing he could do. Do yourself a favor, don’t stay here. He was unwilling to help us, other than allowing a refund."
"Great host. Somewhat okay stay, AC worked only in certain areas.."
Kendall is super easy to communicate with and made checking in a breeze.
Great place to stay in Austin and excellent location. Be sure to check out the rooftop launch and bbq area. It’s perfect for hosting dinners with Ana awesome view!
"Great spot, everything is clean and new"
"Great Hosts and cute place, just not a great neighborhood"
Good
We rented the duplex for an extended work stay and it suited our needs perfectly
Great location.
The host canceled this reservation 26 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Nice place
Great first airbnb experience.
"The host was great at communicating with us about check in. The layout held the number of guests as advertised and comfortably, also a great location. The cleanliness was lacking and it was overpriced for the overall experience of the house. Would not stay here again."
Owner I talked to was a male and he was very rude. He said he was going to call me back and I’m still waiting on that call back.
"Jenny is so sweet. The place is minimal and not big,  but it’s just spacious enough for what you need! The bathroom is beautiful- newly redone. Bed was comfortable as was the couch! Jenny also drives you to the grocery store down the street so you can stock up! Great hosts. Her son was also a huge help"
Jenny was an excellent host for our weekend in Austin! The condo was super clean and was in a great location-about 3 miles from downtown. She stocked the fridge with water (which is so important in Texas) and provided us with a lot of helpful suggestions. I highly recommend staying here and probably will myself for future Austin visits!
We had a great stay at the house. It was so good to spend time with the housemates. Hope to come back!
Simply put: host put the wrong address and provided an alternate address substantially different from the location I booked. Acted like it was no big deal when it was a blatant bait and switch. Got an immediate refund since this is against TOS. Beware.
No frills private room accommodation. Good communication by James the host. Easy 20-min scooter ride to downtown.
Everything was great and was as expected. Thank you for letting us stay!
Host was rude and wouldn’t answer any questions. Friend was way more helpful and nicer. Also was complaining about houstonians the entire time.
Joshua and Ian's place is a crash pad. They were very open about that. The place has potential to be a great place. 5 stars because I knew what I was getting before I got there.
The host canceled this reservation 5 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.
"At the current moment, this residence is still under ""renovations"".  When my family and I booked  the listing stated newly renovated.. Which is far from the truth.. Bricks in the yard..grass unkempt...trash bag sitting out.  We go in to inspect.. Empty liquor bottles in the freezer.. Water bottles in the closet.. 1.5 baths not 2 as the listing described... Not the best looking neighborhood... Maybe place for a bunch of bachelors but definitely not suitable for a family.. Being a frequent customer of AirBnB this has definitely been my worst experience... If it's not a super host... Don't waste your time.. Still trying to work with AirBnB for a refund.. Lesson  learned.."
It’s a crash pad just as stated .. was exactly what my family and I needed to be able to enjoy our stay in Austin
"My stay at Manuel’s was an very eventful experience. Everything about the apartment was very cozy. Plenty of room for guest to sleep with nice  accessories . The location of the apartment was so convenient, any transportation service was able to arrive within minutes. If your looking for a place to stay close to downtown for a great price, look no further this is it."
"Please do not waste your time with this Airbnb. We stayed at the Airbnb with the pink couches and our stay was a complete mess. There was bad communication from the beginning which led to my car being towed at from the apartments. The complex is set up where guest parking is limited and if you don’t have a permit, you cannot park just anywhere. We were supposed to receive a permit sticker from the host but didn’t. It wasn’t until after we got towed that I was informed about the sticker that we were supposed to have. We ended up not being able to stay at the apartment anymore for the rest of our stay. Please do not waste your time."
The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.
dont expect much not a place i would recommend to any woman
Esta bien ubicado a 10 min del centro. El lugar de acceso esta un poco obscuro. El apartamento tiene muchas cosas personales del dueño. Poco sucio
quiet and comfortable.  No complaints
Carlos was very helpful and gracious. Beware that there are two dogs at the house. We did not know this prior to booking. A bit removed from downtown but decent for the price.
"Don't consider here, you may be disappointed! He cancelled a day before arrival and was very rude while communicating his cancellation."
Everything was perfect and the place is brand new.  Easy access to anywhere near Austin.  Samuel was polite and is available for any question. The room was nicely decorated.
"Michael should mention that because this is a Wyndham Timeshare, guests will find themselves bombarded by pushy salespeople. Repeated attempts at ""no thank you"" were not enough. Additionally, the hotel was constructed for condo units and Wyndham bought it after it was developed. Only two elevators were installed which are not enough for the traffic volume of all the visitors. During our stay matters were made worse as one of the two elevators broke on the second day of our stay which caused significant delays. Michael was slow to respond and we ended up making the best of it. If given the opportunity, we would have shortened our stay here because of the inconvenience. The unit was clean."
Close to airport
"Convenient location to local bars and restaurants, comfortable beds and very good wifi."
"It’s a brand new apartment in a terrible and old apartment complex . The building is dirty. There are students smoking weed and throwing up. it smells like animal pee all over the complex, which is annoying. Terrible building maintenance. 
We wanted to leave because of this, and we were allowed according to the policies because we were in the 48 hours period. However, the host did not respond on time, and when I ask him/her, he/she said that she couldn’t do it. We felt very frustrated because of this unfair behavior from the host. 
There is NO parking lot if you do not arrive early to the complex. We have to park on the street most of the days. The parking lot is open to the street, and not sure if it’s the most safe area in Austin."
"This apartment was good value for a location close to the university campus. It was spacious and clean, with all the required amenities."
Great location near a bunch of restaurants and bars close to UT. Parking situation can be a bit of a struggle but not overwhelming. The property itself is a bit dated on the outside but the inside is adequate. We had a few issues but nothing that would ruin the trip. When returning I likely wouldn’t stay at the property again but I appreciate the host allowing us to stay for the weekend.
"Ask if AC, TV, window blinds are fixed."
Not good
The place is very nice and quiet. The host takes a while to respond and I had problems with check in due to the last customers but I would definitely recommend the place .
Perfect spot if you want to be downtown
"We had a bad experience. Obviously the the place was not ready for us. There were no clean bed sheets or towels. The host was unresponsive, so we had to leave. Did get a full refund from Airbnb."
I do not recommend staying here. My party of 6 in total had to wait around for hours to check in after spending a long day on the river we just wanted to relax at our Airbnb and we couldn’t. We bought a bunch of food to cook at the Airbnb which all got wasted because we ended up having to stay at a hotel without a kitchen. I would hate for anyone else to have to go through this. Terrible experience!
"Truly wouldn’t recommend anything about this place. Asked for a late check out and he tried to bill me. Asked several times for a refund or compensation as the place smelt bad. Both bathrooms had issues, one sink didn’t work, the other didn’t have a working shower, stove was broken, host wouldn’t pick up his phone and couldn’t speak or type English well (think this was an over seas operation or something). The list goes on. Please don’t stay here if you want to enjoy Austin, cause this place is a dump."
"This place is managed by a company, so not good response from the host. My access code to get the key didn’t work, couldn’t get a hold of anyone, so had to get a hotel room first night. It took 8 hours and speaking to 5 different people before someone could help me get my key. 

This was a nice location, close to downtown but huge hassle to get checked in."
Great location and it was incredible value for our money. Ange generally responded to our needs on a timely basis and cares about guests having a positive experience. We will definitely go back in the future if our schedule and budget permits.
"Ange was very quick in responding anytime I had a question. Only a couple minutes away from 6th street , I would definitely come here again"
"Spent a few days in Austin before heading to a family reunion in south Texas.  This was exactly what we were looking for.  The location is perfect, not directly downtown but close enough to walk or scooter should you want to check that out.  We really enjoyed the rooftop deck.  I would go up there to drink my morning coffee (while the others slept in) and we would all go up after dark to enjoy the beautiful Austin skyline...that was my favorite part.
Ange is a wonderful host and was very responsive with any questions that we had.  There is a nice little balcony in the apartment that would be perfect with a couple small chairs, providing another coffee drinking spot.  Speaking of coffee, right next door is a great little coffee shop that is open 24 hours and across the street is a taco joint that has great food.
The apartment is small, but has 2 bedrooms (with closets) and 2 bathrooms.  It was just enough for the 5 of us.  There is a beautiful pool area that my kids enjoyed very much.  The location is what sold us.  We walked to the river to see the bats, and  stayed local for most of our meals.  There are a lot of options in the area that are great for families.  We will go back here again if we ever find ourselves in the area."
"Ange was a quick responder and provided all information about our stay in an easy-to-understand format. He location was perfect and clean, felt homey and safe. Would recommended and stay again."
Very convenient
This was a good fit for our budget with short notice. Our kids loved the pool. The WiFi was reliable. The A/C worked well. Great location!
"This place honestly is not worth it. It was not clean, and the hassles of getting the key and getting in is very frustrating."
Really great location was able to Uber quickly to Rainey and 6th. We also walked during the day to Rainey. Cute taco place across the street and coffee shop next door.
Ange's communication couldn't be better. Excellent location and very clean.
The location was great. It's close to everything downtown.  Congress was a short walk away and the nightlife is no more than a 5 minute drive. The place itself was  kind of bland which I didn't expect.  The carpeting in both rooms seemed really dirty.  I really liked the location but the place itself was a let down.   I can see now why most/half the pics focus on the apartment complex not the actual apartment.
"El dpto está muy bien ubicado y es muy amplio. El método de acceso es muy práctico. No es posible el ingreso antes de las 19.
Solo nos quedamos una noche, no logramos que el sistema de internet funcionara.
No había toallas suficientes para el total q éramos"
"TurnKey Vacation Rentals has been difficult to deal with. 
We had to change our reservation date for the same property and we are having a hard time getting a refund.  We changed the date within 30 minutes of original reservation and they said they would make it right and have not."
"Love the view!
The Hills Village is very nice
Turnkey staff is friendly"
"It was a last minute booking on my part so I paid what I had to but seemed pricey for the stay.  
Mireille was quick to respond and has a very nice place!"
"The unit is part of a quadplex located on the corner of a busy street, and the backyard is a parking lot.  While pets are allowed for a very reasonable price, you must be very careful on the busy road with no fencing.  There is a white noise machine in the unit to help with the noises.  The unit looks a lot brighter, whiter, cleaner in the pictures than it does in person.  There is a musty smell from the humidity and AC window units.  The house stays a little moist from the humidity that can't be overcome with the AC window units. Two of the beds are sitting directly on the floor.  The beds were older, cheap mattresses, and the bedding was questionable.  There are blinds but no curtains, so there is no way to get the unit dark while you sleep.  The house is older, and you'll be able to hear all the footsteps from the upstairs unit.  Sinks drain slowly, and the listing does correctly indicate that you may need to buy your own toilet paper.  There were only two rolls upon check in. Great cheap feel for a college student, but it isn't the most comfortable stay.  The host oversees multiple properties and is responsive to messages, and the check in is easy."
"Good location to all the local spots; i.e. food trucks, murals and other nice eateries."
Great place to stay
Great location
"decent place, if the overall cost to stay was cheaper say, $200 to $250 then this would have been an awesome place.  For the listed price it is decent"
"The place is in a very good location and it's comfortable.   The problem was it smell bad, with stains and bubble gum on carpets.  Additionally the internet connection wasn't work. We asked for help at least two or three times every day, but nobody come to fix it.  We had to find some other place to work during the day, which was really annoying."
"Apartment is located on the third floor. Be prepared to do stairs. Once inside the place was just as pictured. On the other hand WiFi was unavailable even thou we were told there would be WiFi. TV didn’t work for us, it stayed stuck on one channel. The apartment had many gnats everywhere. Just didn’t feel clean. Apartment location was okay."
Great place. Good location
Wife and I left two days early because the living room smells like animal urine and the WiFi doesn’t work and we both needed it for work.
"Vector's place was beautiful, clean and felt just like home. The host was really helpful and easy to get in touch with. We'll be back!"
"Good space. 
No WiFi."
Great value and a great location!  Highly recommended
The area looked sketchy on the outside but the inside is just like the pictures. The WiFi didn’t work nor did the tv but it was super close to downtown Austin. Very quiet area. I will book again if I go back
"The amenities are not correct at all. There is no access to the pool, the WiFi doesn’t work and one of the lights in one of the rooms did not work at all. ATX responded quickly but was not any help other than saying sorry."
"I read the reviews and expected the WiFi to be working like they said, but it wasn’t working for half of my stay! The place was decent and everything else matched the description."
Very nice place! Very clean with great amenities! Would definitely recommend staying here. Close to downtown.
Great place to check out!
Place was very affordable and cozy for the stay!
Amazing location and great access to the lake. House was well kept but the property needs some work
"Nice outdoor space. The interior was cozy. Location is out there. Close to the river/lake and oasis, but far from the City."
"Marcos was a friendly and very nice host. Both the bedroom and common area are clean and organized well. There is a big TV in the private room though I didn't use it. A laundry room is just next to the building. Although it was not a problem for me, there was no lock on the bedroom door whilst it was listed. Overall, it was a nice stay and good value."
Very modern and sleek safe gated community. I loved the spacious bathroom with great water pressure. 15 min drive from main attractions and there's a convenience store down the street. Marcos is very responsive and friendly and gave us local tips.
"While Marcos seems to be nice, his airbnb advertisement is not 100% honest. You wont have access to your own private bathroom like he says. You will be sharing the bathroom with Marcos. If you dont have netflix on your phone, good luck trying to watch it on Marcos TV. He wont activate the subtitle option on his TV. If you did find an English show on Roku on his TV, his internet connection is severely unstable. You wont be able to watch anything on his TV without a network connection."
The host canceled this reservation the day before arrival. This is an automated posting.
Super cool spot.  Very spacious and the location is awesome.  Close to everything and less than half of hotel stays.  The place was very clean.  The hosts were cool and made the stay very easy and automated.  Will definitely stay here anytime I come to Austin
"When we arrived the floor was dirty we even had to sweep. You could tell under the couch how much dirt there was and that it had not been cleaned in a while. 
Also found sheets in the dryer that were left there wet and smelled. There was a comforter in the washer that was left there as well and smelled like pee. The restroom toilet seat had pee stains like if they had been there a while. Also the place had a musty, old smell. When we used the washer it leaked water.  Will not be staying here again"
Great location and the beds were very comfortable but place was over priced for what it was when fees were added. Wish I stayed in a hotel this trip. Outside property was junky but location was great.
This place was not clean. When me and my friends stayed here there was old food in the refrigerator and the floors were extremely dirty. I have pictures if needed.
great stay!
"We had a good time at our stay in Austin. The space was a bit dirty for our liking and the stair case is a bit dangerous for kids. So be cautious if traveling with little ones. The actual complex was a bit unkept and dirty, and noisy at night. Definitely a better place for singles or those traveling without kids."
Nice place! They had some plumbing leaks but they were very helpful sending over people to fix the problem immediately.
"This place was ok. The building and unit itself were very nice and brand new, and the location was great as well, but there was a really loud music venue a few blocks away that had bands playing until around midnight, this was not mentioned in the description.

The unit was also right above the pool, and there are lots of mid-20 something residents here, so there was a lot of noise coming from the pool into the wee hours of the morning as well. There was supposed to be a cut-off time for pool access (I believe it was 10pm), but this was not enforced at all. 

It would've been nice if the description mentioned these things, but I doubt they will since they are negative aspects of staying at this unit in particular, I'd imagine it was much quieter on the other side of the building."
"Had a good stay at Laurie’s place! Mueller is a great location with a lot to do close by, and also about a 10-15 minute drive from downtown. She let us check in sooner than what was posted which I also found super nice. We were their first guests, so we definitely had some advice to offer them for future visitors, and I’m sure it will only improve! I would recommend this place if you’re looking for a quiet place to stay for a couple days."
"Sick place!  Awesome host.  Place was super clean and in an awesome location close to everything we wanted to do.  Highly recommend this, it’s the best place we have stayed in the city!"
"Jaison's place was easy access to down town and was super cheap to take an uber to down town as well. We loved being close to everything. Our delima from our stay was the musty mildew smell of the home, and one of the blankets smelling fowl. The ac worked, it just didn't distribute evenly from the living room to the bedrooms."
Serves well as a crash pad in a good location.
"The place itself was very nice, but we did have some issues. I'm not sure what happened prior to our stay, but the place was a bit of a mess when we arrived. The master bedroom had someone else's belongings, an unmade bed, and a broken window. The dinning table was set outside in the porch.  

Angelina was a very responsive host once we arrived, but unfortunately did not make us aware of the issue prior to our stay. So we were caught by surprise when we arrived. She offered a full refund, or a partial one on the stay. We opted for a partial,  because it would have been impossible to find something for our group size at 2 in the afternoon during the UT/LSU game weekend. We left for the game shortly after we arrived, and most of the items had been addressed when we returned, except for the broken window in the master. Angelina also left us a case of beer, and had someone drop off some pastries the next morning."
Good location. Clean. A bit pricey but I guess that’s Austin.
"Remember when airb&b used to be people renting out a room in their home instead of renting out their investment properties? This is like that. Like the good 'ol days. 

It's low cost, but if you're a bit high-maintenance, keep looking. The place has a bachelor-pad vibe. The house is old. I had difficulties with the electric plugs. All the electric plugs in the room were super loose. If I hadn't brought a power strip with me I would not have been able to charge my phone at all."
